Clarify some parts of Application Messages section. (#699)
mlswg/mls-protocol: draft-ietf-mls-protocol.md

## Delayed and Reordered Application messages

Since each application message contains the group identifier, the epoch, and a
generation counter, a client can receive messages out of order. When messages
are received out of order, the client moves the sender ratchet forward to match
the received generation counter. Any unused nonce and key pairs from the ratchet
are potentially stored so that they can be used to decrypt the messages which
were delayed or reordered.

Applications SHOULD define a policy on how long to keep unused nonce and key
pairs for a sender, and the maximum number to keep. This is in addition to
ensuring that these nonce and key pairs are promptly deleted when the epoch
ends. Applications SHOULD also define a policy limiting the maximum number of

> steps that clients will move the ratchet forward in one step. Messages received

Reviewer: ```suggestion
steps that clients will move the ratchet forward in response to a new message. Messages received
```

with an unusually high generation counter would then be rejected to avoid

> causing a denial-of-service attack.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
causing a denial-of-service attack by requiring the recipient to perform an
excessive number of key derivations.  For example, a malicious group member
could send a message with `generation = 0xffffffff` at the beginning of a new 
epoch, forcing recipients to perform billions of key derivations.
```

## Delayed and Reordered Application messages

Since each application message contains the group identifier, the epoch, and a
generation counter, a client can receive messages out of order. When messages
are received out of order, the client moves the sender ratchet forward to match
the received generation counter. Any unused nonce and key pairs from the ratchet
are potentially stored so that they can be used to decrypt the messages which
were delayed or reordered.

Applications SHOULD define a policy on how long to keep unused nonce and key
pairs for a sender, and the maximum number to keep. This is in addition to
ensuring that these nonce and key pairs are promptly deleted when the epoch
ends. Applications SHOULD also define a policy limiting the maximum number of
steps that clients will move the ratchet forward in response to a new message. Messages received

> with an unusually high generation counter would then be rejected to avoid

Reviewer 2: "unusually high" is a bit vague. Maybe we can be more specific here by saying that clients can enforce a maximum difference for the generation counter between two subsequent messages.

causing a denial-of-service attack by requiring the recipient to perform an
excessive number of key derivations.  For example, a malicious group member

> could send a message with `generation = 0xffffffff` at the beginning of a new 

Author: ```suggestion
could send a message with `generation = 0xffffffff` at the beginning of a new
```
